
Michael's Fufu Recipe:

Ingredients:
2 cups of instant fufu flour (cassava or plantain flour)
Water
Salt (optional)
Instructions:
Boil water in a pot.
In a bowl, mix the instant fufu flour with a small amount of cold water to form a smooth paste.
Gradually add the paste to the boiling water, stirring continuously to avoid lumps.
Keep stirring and cooking until the fufu thickens and becomes smooth.
If needed, add more fufu flour or water to achieve your desired consistency.
Once cooked, remove from heat, and set aside.
Season with salt to taste.

Fufu is the best recipe!!!!!


Ernest's Recipe for K)k))t):
- It's simple get some plantains that are almost riped but still hard.
- Boil them (don't overcook, you might be eating plantain pudding if you do this🤣)
- Now get your asanka a grind some pepper and onions.
- You can now put in some groundnut paste
- Put the boiled plantain in Asanka and mush it a bit not too much.
- Mush and stir to evenly distribute all ingredients. 
- You can choose to add boiled eggs and spring onions. 
- And there you have it!!!


=======
=======


Danie: RECIPE - NIGERIAN JOLLOF
========================

Nigerian Jollof rice is a popular and delicious one-pot dish made with rice,
tomatoes, peppers, onions, and a blend of spices.

Ingredients:

2 cups long-grain parboiled rice
3 large tomatoes, blended
2 red bell peppers, blended
2 onions, finely chopped
1/2 cup vegetable oil
3 cups chicken or vegetable broth
2 teaspoons tomato paste
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon thyme
2 bay leaves
2 teaspoons curry powder
2 teaspoons dried thyme
2 teaspoons paprika
Salt and pepper to taste

Optional: 1 cup green peas and/or diced carrots

Instructions:

Prep the Ingredients:

Rinse the rice under cold water until the water runs clear.
Blend the tomatoes and red bell peppers until smooth.
Chop the onions and mince the garlic.
Parboil the Rice:

In a large pot, bring water to a boil and add the rice.
Parboil the rice for about 7-10 minutes until it's partially cooked.
Drain the parboiled rice and set it aside.
Prepare the Jollof Sauce:

In the same pot, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat.
Add the chopped onions and sauté until they become translucent.
Add the minced garlic and sauté for another minute.
Stir in the blended tomatoes and red bell peppers, and cook for about
10-15 minutes, stirring occasionally until the mixture thickens.

Season the Sauce:

Add the tomato paste, thyme, bay leaves, curry powder, dried thyme, paprika, salt, and pepper.
Mix well.
Pour in the chicken or vegetable broth and bring the mixture to a boil.

Add the Rice:

Stir in the parboiled rice, ensuring that it's well coated with the sauce.
Reduce the heat to low, cover the pot with a tight-fitting lid, and simmer for
20-25 minutes or until the rice is cooked and has absorbed the flavors.

Optional Vegetables:

If using green peas and/or diced carrots, add them to the rice about 10 minutes before it's
done cooking.

Serve:

Once the rice is cooked, fluff it with a fork to separate the grains.
Remove the bay leaves before serving.
Serve the Nigerian Jollof rice hot, and enjoy!

Nigerian Jollof rice is often served with grilled or fried chicken, fish, or other protein options.

>>>>>>> 4a78555ac2dfb8680591140b31958ad76dbdb8a0





sandie's recipe My FAVOURITE DISH: ANGWUAMOO WITH CHILI SAUCE AND OMELETTE
INGREDIENTS;
2 CUPS of local rice 
120g Beef 
Sunflower Oil 
2 cups of water
Pepper
Onion
2 eggs 
METHOD;
Put preferable amount of oil in a sauce pan 
Add in some chopped onions and beef and fry for 3mins
Add 2 cups of local rice to the pan after been washed and allow to steam for a min
Pour 2 cups of water into the rice ,add some adequate amount of salt,stir,cover the pan with an aluminum foil and allow to cook under medium heat for 20 minutes
On the side , grind some pepper, with onions and add salt to taste
Crack 2 eggs, add preferred vegetables like some onions, tomatoes and green bell pepper  into a bowl, add salt to taste and whip the mix
Put some oil in a frying pan ,pour the egg mix then fry under low heat .Turn the egg to the other side into the pan then allow to fry .


Ingredients
Rice
Chicken
Tomatoes
Onions
Bell pepper
Garlic
Pepper
Curry powder
Rosemary
Anise seeds
Shrimp powder
Ginger
Oil
Tomato paste
Bouillon cubes (Maggi, etc)

Process
Season the chicken with cubes, onions, ginger and garlic and allow to marinate before boiling
After Chicken is properly cooked,fry it and set the stock aside
Blend the tomatoes, onions, garlic,rosemary, anise seeds and garlic.
In another pot, heat vegetable oil and fry sliced onions in the oil.
Add in the tomato paste, allow to fry then add the shrimp powder and belended tomato mixture.
Follow in with the stock from the chicken and bring to boil.
Add the rice, stir and lower the heat.
Cover with aluminium foil to trap escaping steam.
When rice is cooked, dice the bell pepper and sprinkle on the rice.
After Jollof is cooked, dish with the chicken, add some lettuce/salad leaves and serve with chilled malt on the side.
